I wanna be a billionaire so freakin bad
buy all of the things I know the head
most of us will have fantasized at one
point or another of owning a Mercedes
c-class before the a-class came along
this was the most affordable way of
owning a Merc it was the best way of
showing people around you that you had
aspirations that you were going places
the 2015 model is similarly aspirational
but not just because of the badge is
also a properly good car this week I've
been rolling around in the c300 hybrid
wish outside of the c63 AMG is pretty
much the top model but does it still
live up to expectations especially with
all this hybrid stuff inside it is it a
car that people should aspire to own
that people should still respect
in terms of looks it's definitely got
what it takes
thanks to a muscular but not overly
aggressive design inside it's a similar
story not only is it comfortable but it
feels like whoever put this thing
together really gave a damn about design
old-school cars or cars without a focus
on design usually have a simple
one-dimensional dashboard where this one
is sculpted multi-layered multi-textured
there's so much going on they've mixed
wood with metal with leather and the end
result is a rich tapestry that makes you
feel well rich the centerpiece is
definitely this big entertainment
display on the center console which
looks a bit like an iPad it's not a
touchscreen though I guess the idea
being that when you're driving around
you don't necessarily have full control
over your arm because you're bouncing
all over the place
so instead Mercedes have used a couple
of alternative input methods the first
is much tried and trusted command
interface which is a knob that you turn
slide and push to select the second is a
bit like a mouse trackpad you slide your
finger over it to navigate tap to select
or trace letters like you would on a
normal track pack it's complete overkill
having them both but very cool
nonetheless what's really practical is
the fact you can open the boot with the
key fob it's got an electric boot lid
also even though this is a hybrid and
many hybrids lose space on the boot
because of all the electric stuff this
is still a massive 480 litres very very
practical
on the road there's definitely more good
than bad uses the same engine as the C
250 but it gets help from a twenty seven
horsepower electric motor hooked up to a
small battery pack the idea is that you
get more power almost 30 horsepower but
better efficiency you use less diesel
because the engine is being helped by
the electric motor like most hybrids the
c300 has a really nice tendency to pull
away in almost complete silence and that
adds to the air of luxury there's even a
little instrument displayed between the
speedo and the rev counter to let you
know how far you could push the pedal
before the diesel engine kicks in in
reality you can't really push it that
hard push it any more than about a tenth
of the way down and the diesel engine
fires up again the transition between
electric power and diesel power can be
quite jarring at first it feels like
you're driving a car from the future
then you get pulled right back into the
present notice I didn't say past though
because this car it's still fun to drive
and it feels great if you keep your foot
planted it will go all the way to 152
miles per hour
so it definitely doesn't hang about the
ride quality is awesome
especially if you're on a smooth a road
for a motorway plus the steering
incredibly like the gear changes buttery
smooth in all it just feels like you're
in a much more expensive car it feels
like you're in something that's
luxurious it's not all perfect though
this car weighs about 120 kilos and more
than a normal diesel c-class and you can
really feel it whenever you go over a
large speed bump or into a really big
pothole it really does crash into him
you feel that it's carrying a lot of
weight and there's a sudden thud and you
can really feel it through the car one
minute you'll feel like you're gliding
along serenely on a cloud especially if
you've got the air suspension fitted
it's great but then the next minute
you'll hit a big pothole and you'll feel
like you've crashed
another curious issue I don't to say
problem it's an issue is the breaking it
feels really inconsistent you've got
many different things in this car that
can slow the car down you've got the
engine braking you've got the
regenerative braking system plus you've
got the brake discs and all of those
slow the car down at different rates and
in different combinations and the speed
you're doing can change the amount each
one of those components decelerates the
car the end result is the brakes can
feel really inconsistent so it's
difficult to bring it to a stop smoothly
let's talk about the c300 hybrids
biggest trump card its efficiency
mercedes reckon it will do seventy eight
point five miles per gallon as c250
without all the hybrid stuff will only
do about sixty five even more impressive
is the co2 emissions it will do ninety
four grams per kilometer which is very
impressive for a car of this size in
reality you're going to get nowhere near
those numbers i drove this car as best I
could like my granny and I still only
managed 40 miles per gallon in the city
drive it like an idiot and worst case
scenario well you can expect to get well
below twenty ultimately this particular
model the hybrid is probably best left
to company car buyers due to the tax
benefits it can provide but of everyone
else and these look like the C 250 makes
a lot of sense but whichever you go for
you can rest assured that the C Class
even after all these years still has
what it takes it's beautiful to look at
has a truly lovely interior with
excellent technology and drives well if
you want a car that's both aspirational
yet canta lysing ly within reach then
you need look no further
yeah they're made a hybrid I don't get
it man the Panamera is not for vegans
it's a big luxury brute it hates vegans
no offense to vegans I'm just saying
that this is the